README.md, before:

![logo](https://wcu.edu.pl/assets/Wild_Chicken.svg)
Welcome to the **Official** GitHub repo of [Wild Chicken University](https://wcu.edu.pl).

UPCOMING: We are redesigning the admission page to make it look like a legit one.

We offer **FREE** admission offers in PDF. This is not a REAL admission offer, but it can certainly make you feel better since you've got “somewhere” to go. Head over to [admission portal](https://admission.wcu.edu.pl) to get your admission offer today!

This project rely heavily on [pdf-lib.js](https://pdf-lib.js.org) to fill your admission offer; you should thank them :)

Our logo is borrowed from [UPenn](https://upenn.edu); signed by director of admission, Colonel Harland David Sanders, the founder of KFC(cuz we are chicken university).

The content of the admission offer is copied from Stanford as I am too lazy to write them myself.

**No chickens were harmed during the creation of this website.** 

We are NOT affiliated with any educational institution. Files downloaded from WildChicken **DOES NOT** have ANY legal effect. 

Wild Chicken is always looking for donation, if you would like to donate:

[![Donate with Ethereum](https://en.cryptobadges.io/badge/big/0x6b05Ce9c673c762538cfC9c4cb07e0da00B376AB?showBalance=true)](https://en.cryptobadges.io/donate/0x6b05Ce9c673c762538cfC9c4cb07e0da00B376AB)

Copyleft © Snorlax, no rights reserved. Assets have their own licenses(normally copylefted).



--- Chinese Version Below ---

爲了讓無家可歸的孤兒們feel better，寫下了這個頁面，獲取免費的錄取通知書

Commit message:

add entry for diploma generator

README.md, after:

![logo](https://wcu.edu.pl/assets/Wild_Chicken.svg)
Welcome to the **Official** GitHub repo of [Wild Chicken University](https://wcu.edu.pl).

We offer **FREE** admission offers in PDF. This is not a REAL admission offer, but it can certainly make you feel better since you've got “somewhere” to go. Head over to [admission portal](https://admission.wcu.edu.pl) to get your admission offer today!

We also offer **FREE** graduation certificates in PDF. This is not a REAL diploma, but it can certainly make you feel better since you've "graduated". Head over to [diploma generator](https://wcu.edu.pl/certificate) to get your diploma today!

This project rely heavily on [pdf-lib.js](https://pdf-lib.js.org) to fill your admission offer; you should thank them :)

Our logo is borrowed from [UPenn](https://upenn.edu); signed by director of admission, Colonel Harland David Sanders, the founder of KFC(cuz we are chicken university).

The content of the admission offer is copied from Stanford as I am too lazy to write them myself.

**No chickens were harmed during the creation of this website.** 

We are NOT affiliated with any educational institution. Files downloaded from WildChicken **DOES NOT** have ANY legal effect. 

Wild Chicken is always looking for donation, if you would like to donate:

[![Donate with Ethereum](https://en.cryptobadges.io/badge/big/0x6b05Ce9c673c762538cfC9c4cb07e0da00B376AB?showBalance=true)](https://en.cryptobadges.io/donate/0x6b05Ce9c673c762538cfC9c4cb07e0da00B376AB)

Copyleft © Snorlax, no rights reserved. Assets have their own licenses(normally copylefted).



--- Chinese Version Below ---

爲了讓無家可歸的孤兒們feel better，寫下了這個頁面，獲取免費的錄取通知書
